auto-schedule/experiments/usable-accept-rate/README.md, before:

## What is this program for?
The experiment about:
1. The probability of getting an unusable solution.
2. Priority-weighted acceptance rate.

## How to use this program?
1. Uncomment the debug code in the function `CreateAutoScheduleApps`, but the `draw evolution chart` code should still be commented.
2. Run multi-cloud manager at `localhost:20000` (it will be in the `debug` mode due to last step). The network state database should be running **either** with *this* multi-cloud manager **or** *another* multi-cloud manager.
3. At the root directory of this project, run:
```
go test <Project Root Directory>/auto-schedule/experiments/usable-accept-rate/ -timeout 99999s -v -count=1 -run TestExecute
```
For example, if the `<Project Root Directory>` is `/mnt/c/mine/code/gocode/src/emcontroller`, we should execute:
```
go test /mnt/c/mine/code/gocode/src/emcontroller/auto-schedule/experiments/usable-accept-rate/ -timeout 99999s -v -count=1 -run TestExecute
```
Then, the data file `usable_acceptance_rate.csv` will be generated in this folder.

Then, we can:
- use the file `usable_acceptance_rate.csv`, draw a bar chart to compare the application acceptance rate of every algorithm for each priority. In a computer with GUI, in this folder, run:
```
python -u drawer_acc_rate.py
```

We can also do the above step several times **with different numbers of applications** and rename the generated `.csv` files to `usable_acceptance_rate_<number of applications>.csv`, if there are `70` applications in a request, we should rename the file `usable_acceptance_rate.csv` to `usable_acceptance_rate_70.csv`. Then, we can change the value of the constant `APP_COUNTS` in `drawer_sched_time.py` and `drawer_total_acc_rate.py`, according to the different numbers of applications.
Then, we can:
- draw a bar chart to compare the application acceptance rate of every algorithm with different numbers of applications. In a computer with GUI, in this folder, run:
```
python -u drawer_total_acc_rate.py
```
- draw a bar chart to compare the maximum scheduling time used by every algorithm with different numbers of applications. In a computer with GUI, in this folder, run:
```
python -u drawer_sched_time.py
```

Commit message:

For the experiment about "scheduling time", "acceptance rate", and "usable solution", now it can include multiple different numbers of applications, and do experiments for these different numbers of applications automatically.

auto-schedule/experiments/usable-accept-rate/README.md, after:

## What is this program for?
The experiment about:
1. The probability of getting an unusable solution.
2. Application acceptance rate.
3. Application acceptance rate of every priority.
4. Scheduling time used by different algorithms.

## How to use this program?
1. Set the value of variables `appCounts` and `repeatCount` in file `executor.go`. Also, set the same application count value to constant `APP_COUNTS` in file `common.py`.
2. Uncomment the debug code in the function `CreateAutoScheduleApps`, but the `draw evolution chart` code should still be commented.
3. Run multi-cloud manager at `localhost:20000` (This is to execute `go run main.go` at the root directory of this project) (it will be in the `debug` mode due to last step). The network state database should be running **either** with *this* multi-cloud manager **or** *another* multi-cloud manager.
4. At this folder, run:
```
go run executor.go
```
Then, the data **files** `usable_acceptance_rate_<appCount>.csv` will be generated in this folder.

We can also compile the code and run it on a VM without Golang installed, which is closer to the real production scenario. To do this, we just need to compile `multi-cloud manager` and this program `usable-accept-rate` after the above _Step 1_. Then, we should `scp` the whole `multi-cloud manager` project and the configuration `/root/.kube/config` (we can simply copy the folder `/root/.kube`) to the VM, and then do 2 and 3 at that VM by executing the **compiled binary files** instead of `go run xxx.go`. If we need to do this experiment for a long time, we need to execute the binary files in the background `nohup ./emcontroller 2>&1 &` and `nohup ./usable-accept-rate 2>&1 &`. Lastly, we need to `scp` the generated `usable_acceptance_rate_<appCount>.csv` files back to this folder from the VM.

Then, we can:
- use the `usable_acceptance_rate_<appCount>.csv` files to draw bar charts to compare the application acceptance rate of every algorithm for each priority, one chart for each application count. In a computer with GUI, in this folder, run:
```
python -u drawer_acc_rate.py
```
- draw a bar chart to compare the application acceptance rate of every algorithm with different numbers of applications. In a computer with GUI, in this folder, run:
```
python -u drawer_total_acc_rate.py
```
- draw a bar chart to compare the maximum scheduling time used by every algorithm with different numbers of applications. In a computer with GUI, in this folder, run:
```
python -u drawer_sched_time.py
```
